Add more breaking changes to `CHANGELOG.md` (#3430)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: CHANGELOG.md

Previously, when a middleware is called, they are passed with a single argument.

Starting from 4.10.0, multiple arguments could be passed to the middleware. All middleware should pass all arguments to the downstream middleware. This change enables future extension to the middleware pattern.

For example, a passthrough middleware was:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```js
() => next => card => next(card)
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

It should become:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```js
() => next => (...args) => next(...args)
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

This also applies to the render function returned by activity middleware. The previous signature was:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```js
() => next => card => children => next(card)(children)
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

It should become:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```js
() => next => (...setupArgs) => (...renderArgs) => next(...setupArgs)(...renderArgs)
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> Note: Please read the following section for another change in the activity middleware signature for decorators.

#### Change in activity middleware

> This change will impact activity middleware used for decoration.

> Previously, when an activity middleware hide a specific activity from view, it returns a function, `() => false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when an activity middleware hid a specific activity from view, it returned a function, `() => false`.
```

> Starting from 4.10.0, if an activity need to be hide from view, the middleware should return `false` instead of `() => false`. This change allows transcript to correctly group activities and ignore activities that are not in view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from 4.10.0, if an activity needs to be hidden from the view, the middleware should return `false` instead of `() => false`. This change allows transcript to correctly group activities and ignore activities that are not in view.
```

> To avoid the `TypeError: x is not a function` error, middleware should aware that downstream middleware may return `false` instead of a function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid the `TypeError: x is not a function` error, all middleware should be aware that downstream middleware may return `false` instead of a function.
```

> For example, when an event activity is being hide from the view, the terminator middleware will now return `false`. All decoration middleware should check if the downstream result is `false` (or falsy value), and return the value as-is to upstream middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when an event activity is hidden from the view, the terminator middleware will now return `false`. All decoration middleware should check if the downstream result is `false` (or falsy value), and return the value as-is to upstream middleware.
```
